Used to stand here all day.
just hoping for a glimpse of Elvis.
But today. we get to go inside
and see how the king lived.
In 1957. a 22-year-old Elvis Presley
gave his parents $100.000
and charged them with
finding a farmhouse-like property
with enough space around
it to ensure his privacy.
Three months later. Elvis's
parents found Graceland.
Welcome to the iconic jungle room.
Hey. did you hear the news that
a bus full of Elvis impersonators
actually crashed on their
way to an Elvis convention?
He'd sometimes spend weeks
on end here in the TV room.
Elvis also spent a lot of
time in his bedroom upstairs.
But unfortunately. there
are still areas of the house
that are off-limits except to family.
So. unless you're Priscilla in disguise...
- You get my pringles?
- Yeah. I got 'em.
They change anything on the tour?
They changed the jungle room joke.
Here. take 'em with food. please.
You. I asked for sour cream and onion.
Yeah. well. I like salt and vinegar.
Guess you do.
Need anything else?
Annie. what was the new joke?
A group of Elvis impersonators crashed.
They were all shook up.
I'll see you later. Don't forget your pills.
Mom. I'm back.
Mom?
Are you awake?
Mom!
She was the first in her family
to step foot outside the county.
attending the university of Tennessee.
and later. Duke medical school.
Sadly. her mental health
caused her to retreat
from her once-promising path...
Just... Patient's had a
persistent cough since April.
No history of. smoking
or any lung issues.
Patient's likely... I think
I'd... I'd r-recommend
that he...
I see here that the
patient is on ace inhibitors
for hypertension. which
can cause a dry cough.
Let's talk to your team
about switching meds.
That's right.
Annie. why don't you take the next one?
Okay.
- Hello.
- Hi.
My name is Annie Clay.
I'm a third-year medical student
working with Dr. Talcott today.
- Okay.
- What seems to be the problem?
Yeah. I have this intense
pain in my lower leg.
like a cramp. but much. much worse.
Is this due to any trauma.
like a physical injury?
- Do you mind if i...
- no. Yeah.
No. I. was at work.
and. I was sitting at my desk.
and all of a sudden. it just...
Yeah.
I...
I'm gonna recommend...
It... I... w-we should get you
tested for deep vein thrombosis.
It's. if... you might be at risk
if you're sedentary
for long periods of time.
And...
We could get you an
ultrasound and put you on...
Annie? Annie!
- Someone get a gurney.
- Anticoagulants.
Pinch your breath. Lie down.
- I'm okay. I'm okay.
- Okay.
Excuse me?
Hello?
Ma'am? Excuse me?
Sorry. but. we not having
any more visitors today.
Okay... okay.
I'm Gayle Edwards.
I'm Graceland security.
You can't park here.
Okay. Okay.
- You okay. kid?
- No. I'm not.
No. I...
I just dropped out of medical school.
I have no family and no job.
and I don't know what I'm gonna do.
and I don't even know why I'm here.
I just drove here. and I...
I will move my car.
You know what?
The old-ass tour guides
here keep droppin' dead.
You know anything about Elvis?
Too much.
Why?
Alright. welcome.
In 1957. Elvis Presley
gave his parents $100.000
to find him a farmhouse-like property
with enough space around
it to ensure his privacy.
To protect the privacy of his home.
Elvis installed a security wall
as well as a two-way mirror
at the top of his stairs so he
could see who was in his house.
To this day. the upper
levels remain off-limits.
And did you hear about the
bus of Elvis impersonators
that actually crashed on its
way to an Elvis convention?
No? Well. luckily. no one was injured.
but we did hear they were all shook up.
Alright.
We're not gonna get in trouble?
No. no. nobody knows.
Isn't it beautiful?
Wow.
It's like my Graceland paradise.
You know. I bet we could
see parts of the river from here.
- For real?
- Let me adjust the latitude.
Yep. there. And parts of Arkansas.
Look.
Wow. How'd you get so smart. kid?
Man!
Hi. guys.
You're my favorite. but
don't tell any of them.
That's between you and me. okay?
Regardless of whose home
Graceland actually was.
it's the place that Elvis Presley
felt the safest in the world.
Annie!
What is going on? Ev... why...
- have you seen the news?
- No.
Three hours ago.
what scientists are calling
a massive mega caldera.
- or super volcano...
- I said we're leaving.
I don't give a fuck about getting a refund.
No. I know. You're right. I'm sorry.
What is that?
My god! Get away from the edge!
Get away from the edge!
I would say we played a fucking role...
america. I know you're aware
of the situation we now face...
Gayle. look at me. You
need to go across the street
to the visitor center and
get everything you can.
Clothing. candles. food that
doesn't need to be refrigerated.
- Whatever you can carry.
- Okay. are you serious right now?
- Yes!
- I mean. where am I supposed
- to put all that?
- The basement. the TV room.
- Okay. Okay. okay. Move. move. move!
- Go. Go. go. go.
You're not thinking about this correctly.
- It's not a wave...
- I'm telling you this
so that you can make decisions
based on where you wanna be right now
and who you wanna be with.
This position that I have
held. I didn't always want it.
Most certainly didn't always like it.
But it has... it's provided me access
to people all over this country.
And one thing has
constantly struck me as true.
That despite all the
ugliness in our world...
Despite our tendency to
focus on the grotesque...
And the conflict. despite all of that...
You... you are inherently decent.
Jesus!
Okay. I got a shit ton of
stuff from the restaurant.
- Can you help me unload the cart?
- Take that.
- Okay.
- Okay. I'll go get everything.
Ooh.
- Careful. careful.
- Ooh. this is killing my back.
Okay. You can do this. Gayle.
Shit! God.
You guys. I'm so sorry.
but it's not safe here for you anymore.
Go. Go.
Go!
Annie.
Holy shit.
We don't have much time.
If you are in a metropolitan area.
get to a fallout shelter or
underground as you can.
My god. come on.
Gayle!
Ooh.
How's the... how's the leg this morning?
- Not good.
- 'Kay. scale of one to 10.
- how's the pain?
- Seventy-four.
Alright. I'll check it.
Let me see.
So. even though I reset
the bone. we need to...
Yeah. I'm concerned about the infection.
We need to keep the
wound and the stitches clean.
Why are the batteries still not working?
I don't know.
You supposed to be the smart one.
I'm the hot one.
Breathe. Take a deep breath.
I'm the hot one. You're the smart one.
We should go up on the roof.
See what's happening.
- No. we can't expose ourselves.
- No.
I'm pretty sure. had there
been a nuclear explosion.
we would've heard it.
Bomb?
No. I don't think so.
I think it's a chemical plant.
You know. if you just leave
'em sitting there. they...
- Boom.
- Yeah.
Hi.
How you feeling?
I've been better. kid.
Let me help you.
- There you go.
- Thank you.
Hey. it... it looks a lot worse than it is.
Okay.
Trust me. it just... it
just needs some time.
You know. I've.
I went searching through the
house and I found something
that I think might cheer you up.
I don't know if you're ready.
Are you lookin' at me?
You be lookin' at me?
What? You did him so corny.
Thank you. Thank you very much.
Fuck.
Can I ask you a question?
If it's summer. why is it fucking freezing?
Looks like the ash
cloud's blotting out the sun.
For how long?
I don't know.
Annie?
I'm here. I'm here. I'm here.
We have... have to build a fire.
We can't. The smoke will
draw too much attention.
There are no more of his fur
coats or capes for us to wear.
Don't waste that stuff on me.
You think I'm trying to keep you warm?
This is for both of us.
It's gonna be okay.
Annie.
Yeah?
I think what you did worked.
I'm... I'm not cold anymore.
You did it.
You saved me.
How'd you get so smart. kid?
My mom was the smart one.
She's... she's watching you.
And she's so proud of you.
You're doing so good.
Gayle. You're doing so good.
You're so beautiful.
Shit.
Open can of beans.
fresh. Someone's here.
Dining room's clear.
A lot of rooms back here.
My god.
Okay.
This room's clear too!
Looks like they jumped out the balcony.
Not here either.
No!
I'm not alone! There's others here.
- And they're armed!
- Hey! Hey!
How we looking down there. boys?
- One set of utensils. one bed.
- Hey!
She's alone.
Okay.
Now. can we please start over?
Okay. Where are the cars?
Stop.
Elvis had a shit ton of
cars and we wanna see 'em.
I... I don't... I don't know. I
don't know where they are.
We had some here.
The others were across
the street in the exhibit hall.
but I haven't been
there in years. I don't...
You too.
They call me link.
We'll do intros later.
Come here. sit.
It's. a peace offering. You look cold.
How'd you get to Graceland?
I was a tour guide here
when it all happened.
You've been here alone the entire time?
Looks like you never built a fire.
I didn't want anyone to see the smoke.
I didn't want anyone to know I was here.
Smart.
Well...
I absolutely love what
you've done with the place.
It must have been hard
being here... on your own.
I've been alone before.
Must have been hard all the same.
I really must insist
we get this thing tune...
fuck. Jesus Christ.
Fuck!
I wasn't gonna hurt you. okay?
Enough for all of us.
Yeah. geiger. next time.
pick a smaller boar to kill.
Hey. man. you guys said get
enough for everybody. so I don't know.
I'm gonna give it to you
straight. but I want you
to keep an open mind about it.
This is the deal. alright?
We Jack a sailboat.
Already a bad start. Terrible start.
No. just hear me out!
- Chef's making bacon.
- Wild boar.
Still qualifies. Sit.
Little appetizer.
You were in that room for three days.
Eat. Drink.
Alright? You can relax.
We're not the bad guys.
Though I will admit to
not being my best self
since the grade-two concussion
you gave the best piano player
this place has seen in years.
So. the good news. after three years.
things are better out
there than you think.
I asked you your name
before. but you spat on me.
- Twice.
- Yes. twice. Thank you. geiger.
This is geiger. He's great at counting.
You got a name?
Annie.
- Annie. my name is...
- link.
Yeah. you said.
Left a Mark.
A little about me. since I don't
exactly have Instagram anymore.
when the shit hit the fan.
I was living in louisville.
Dropped out of college. got a job at rei.
and I heard the words "super
volcano" and "ash cloud" on the news.
and I grabbed as much north
face swag as I possibly could.
Everyone else was making
a run. you know. for guns
and for toilet paper. while I was shoving
antarctic-rated sleeping
bags in my Ford focus.
Saved my life.
No. I saved your life.
It's my story. geiger.
Can I tell it for once?
I'm just asking for a little
fidelity to the truth. partner.
I mean. when I found you.
you were in a sleeping
bag crying like a toddler.
So. let's not make it out
like you were Richard
hatch or something.
- Richard hatch is...
- yeah. I know.
He won the first season of survivor.
Nice.
Anyway. geiger here fed me.
Not because he loved me instantly.
but because he needed
another set of hands.
Go ahead.
We tell this story a lot. This is his part.
I was recruiting a crew to go around
and safely shut down all
the nuclear power plants.
There's 94 in the country.
All of them are just meltdowns
waiting to happen if they're abandoned.
- And that's job one.
- Yeah.
We've been everywhere
this side of Mississippi
that isn't underwater.
So. how much do you
know about what happened?
Best we can... actually.
well. this is urkel's section.
We call him... we call
him urkel because...
if she knew Richard hatch.
I'm guessing she can crack urkel.
Thanks. Best we can tell.
volcanic eruption didn't
just create a Tsunami
that flooded the coastal areas.
It was so intense. the ash cloud
went into the stratosphere
and circled the earth.
cooling the planet by
20 degrees or more.
I have a theory that
one of the world powers
had a secret emp device
that knocked out all electronics.
- I mean. anything with a battery...
- Alright. alright. alright.
Don't let him go down the emp road.
otherwise. you'll be
praying for another Tsunami.
- Trust me.
- We'll talk.
Upshot is...
It was bad. It was really fucking bad.
We believe that we lost
two-thirds of the U.S. population.
the first 40% from the
Tsunami that hit the coast.
the next 27% from. I don't
know. societal collapse. starvation.
Any survivors that we meet
now are people in groups
who have figured out
how to work together.
and most importantly. how to
grow food in these conditions.
And speaking of!
Hey. big papi here was impressed
with your plant in the window.
Yeah. Needs more light. though.
So. you guys. where can I
get some motherfucking bacon?
Boom.
Ooh. yeah. Man. I love this.
Hey.
You don't have to hide in your room.
Okay?
Hopefully. you don't mind
having a few new roommates
for the next few days.
We'll be out of your hair soon.
Spring break can't last forever.
Holy shit!
The king does not disappoint. gentlemen.
Alright. let's see what we got.
You feeling that. that's yours.
Don't worry. ma'am.
We're not gonna take 'em.
Just some parts. Cars are
pretty much worthless now.
Fucker.
- You alright?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Good?
- Yeah. yeah. It's fine.
The only access in
here is from the south.
I think we should stage
here. set up a perimeter.
This place is gonna be seriously fortified.
Do we have the firepower? Yes.
Even if we get in. how
are we gonna find her?
Hey. we're just planning
our next road trip.
Okay.
Yeah. we. we all take
those. Preventative.
- Potassium iodide?
- Yeah.
You know. this is only
good for hyperthyroidism.
It doesn't help with radiation exposure.
Thanks. we know.
How long your wrist been like that?
Couple months.
You know. saving the world.
it gets rough sometimes.
It hurts. but I can manage.
I think it's just a scaphoid fracture.
- What?
- It's a small bone near the base
of your thumb. I can reset it.
- Come here.
- Yeah? If...
My hands are cold. but just... Yeah. okay.
Ye... oof. Yeah. you
have to find the bone.
and then kind of just. like.
knock it back into place.
Sorry. you okay?
Yeah.
- Oof.
- I'll... I'll make you a splint.
but you should probably try not
to use it for the next few weeks.
Alright.
Thanks.
You remember this place?
I can't wait to hear about all
your adventures. Come on.
It looks like you've been through a lot.
I missed you so much.
Sorry. I didn't know anyone was up here.
No. I hope this is okay.
I'll... I'll move it back when I'm done.
Yeah.
I wondered if we'd
ever see the stars again
after that ash cloud was up there.
Do you ever see any satellites?
They look like shooting stars.
They're all starting to
fall out of the sky now.
I have.
Yeah. I wondered why there
were so many shooting stars.
Satellites.
Of course.
Man. I used to fucking love telescopes.
Outer space.
Went to Florida when I was a kid.
And my sister would
not stop going on and on
about Disney world.
but I was way more
hyped on cape canaveral.
You ever been?
No? Aw. man. it was the shit.
I mean. it's not there anymore since...
over a decade ago.
How old are you?
It's hard to keep track.
but I think I turned...
25 this year?
You're 25?
- Wow.
- I mean. it's been a rough few years.
It's not easy to maintain
a skincare routine.
No. I think it's just the beard.
Well. the beard makes
me look like a leader.
The beard makes you
look like Charles man son.
Okay.
That was me my
freshman year of college.
Wow. You're a baby.
- Yep.
- Cute.
You can keep it if you want.
Thank you.
Why do they call you link?
It's the main guy from Zelda.
Yeah. We seem like
a bunch of bad-asses.
but we're actually just a bunch of
nerds who outlasted the popular kids.
I kinda got that.
Well. we are in fact leaving tomorrow.
We're part of this bigger group of people
going out west to try
and restart the world.
I gotta be in St. Louis by next week.
Why are you going up to St.
Louis if you're heading west?
Because you don't want to be
crossing the river into Arkansas.
It's not so bad anymore. but...
There's still some bad pockets.
Like. you see right over there?
See just across the river?
That's a bad pocket.
So. since it's our last night.
what are your dinner plans?
Because there's this new
place just opened up downstairs.
and they just got a new chef last week
who's just completely
revamped the menu.
Okay? At least I look sharp.
I look sharp. you're in a sweatshirt.
It says. "do good." though.
All the costumes in this
house. that's what you grab.
- You guys. you're both pretty.
- Whoa!
- Wow.
- Stop.
You look nice. Annie.
Thank you.
It smells great down here.
Link will be here in a minute.
She takes a while to get dressed.
- One for the lady.
- There she is!
Cinderella!
Yeah? Alright. Alright. assholes.
Alright. shut the fuck up.
Isn't she pretty?
- She's so lovely.
- My god.
Wow.
Wow. You...
- You look really pretty.
- Thank you.
So. what do you think?
I...
I was wrong. I... I miss the beard.
Ouch.
One for the prettiest boy at the table.
Thank you. Alright. alright.
A big thank you to our lovely host.
Cheers.
'Kay. Annie. One thing you
miss. one thing you don't.
What?
It's a game we play
when we meet people.
So. we ask you to pick one good
thing that you miss from before...
And one thing that you don't.
Urkel. show her. What do you miss?
I miss watching the mets.
Alright. and what don't you miss?
Watching the mets.
And there you have it.
So. how about you?
Ooh...
I don't know.
Come on. Nothing?
There isn't anything that
you miss from before?
I miss the beard.
that's... miss the beard...
- Touché.
Come on. now that's a
cop-out. Come on. what?
It's all good. It's all good.
- It's... it's not meant to be a stressor.
- No. I... you know. I miss
- giving tours here.
- Okay.
At Graceland...
The world was a... it was
a hard place for me before.
And when I was giving tours here.
I just knew exactly what to say.
It was a safe place for me.
Me and Elvis. this was
our safest place in the world.
Alright. then let's. let's do it.
What?
After dinner. you... you take us on a tour.
That's a great idea.
Tour. Tour. Tour. Tour. Tour. Tour. Tour.
You're gonna have to
feed me first. though.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- I'm not... not giving a tour for nothin'.
In 1957. a 22-year-old Elvis
gave his parents $100.000
and charged them with the
mission of finding a piece of property
that was large enough
to secure his privacy.
Three months later. Elvis's
parents found Graceland.
He installed a security
wall at the top of the stairs
as well as a two-way
mirror... you can come...
so that he could see
whoever was in his house.
To this day. he remains
the number-one...
The three doesn't match
because he got really mad
at what Walter cronkite said
once. and he shot the TV.
This is the iconic jungle room.
Hey. did you hear about
the bus of Elvis impersonators
that crashed on its way
to an Elvis convention?
Luckily. no one was injured. Don't worry.
But we did hear that
they were all shook up.
Wow. was this recently?
No. it's a...
It's a joke.
Elvis has a song. "all shook up."
Yeah. I did not... sorry. I...
I never really listened to his music.
Okay.
It's funny. that...
- That joke usually did really well.
- Yeah?
Anyway...
sorry to end our tour
on such a lame note.
What was your. what
was your favorite song?
- My god.
- I don't know.
What? You don't know?
You've memorized all
these facts about Elvis.
and about his house.
and about his horses.
And you don't know your favorite song?
Yeah. memorizing... facts about
something else is just easier.
Easier than what?
It's...
I think that it's very impressive.
Everything that you've done here.
"Are you lonesome tonight?"
Maybe. but less than usual.
What?
I mean. loneliness. it's just a...
it's a weird thing to think about.
I mean. we're... we're all probably lonely.
but we've just been
surviving for so long that we...
no one really
acknowledges it. you know?
"Are you lonesome tonight?"
Is my favorite Elvis song.
Right.
So. I... again. yeah. I...
Guess I am not really an Elvis guy.
This is it.
This is weird.
- Sorry.
- No.
- No. No. no. no. no. no. no.
It's okay. It's okay.
It's...
It's been a while.
Yeah. Yeah.
No.
My god. there's so many.
I can't... make it smooth.
- Are you okay? Are you okay?
- Yeah.
Why are you laughing?
The '70s are back.
Where's your scars? You got any?
Yes. actually. I do.
It's really painful. still.
Right here.
Where? I don't see anything.
Jimmy James. Broke my heart.
For god's sake.
- How old was it?
- Fifth grade.
Fifth grade?
I'll never forgive him.
Fucking Jimmy James.
- You don't get it?
- No. what?
That was a reference to jaws.
I've n... I never saw jaws.
- You haven't seen jaws?
- No.
Did you even have a life
before the world shut down?
No.
Why are you really here?
So. you know how
urkel has his emp theory?
All electronic devices were wiped out.
but we found that some
vintage parts still work.
So. we figured that we ought to check
out Elvis's old decommissioned cars.
I don't know. see if we could salvage
anything useful for a trip to Colorado.
Colorado?
There's a bunker out
there. We're convinced of it.
But not just any bunker.
a full underground city.
I mean. this place has supplies
that don't exist anywhere else.
Airplanes and electrical grids.
energy sources that can
help jump-start the world.
But it's more than that.
There's something there.
something that nobody knows about.
Something so dangerous.
I'd try and explain it to you.
but trust me. you wouldn't understand.
And I... I don't mean that as an insult.
No. I get it. It's a... a giant shark.
Yeah.
How did you know?
And it's gonna eat you alive.
Come with us.
Come restart the world with me. Annie.
You know how dramatic that sounds?
You're smiling. Is that a yes?
Is that a yes?
Hey. Annie. it's me. You in there?
The guys are saying that we have to go.
but. I can tell them that
you need another minute
to get your things.
Annie. I know this is hard.
and I know that it's scary.
but I really think that
you should come with us.
I really. really want you to come with me.
I can't.
Annie. come on.
Link. it's time to go.
Alright. wait.
- Annie. come on.
- Listen. man.
I don't wanna sound like a dick.
- but we got shit to do. brother.
- Annie. come on. open the door.
- Annie. come on.
- Link. come on.
Let her go!
Hey. listen to me!
Settle down.
You're the one who's been
going on and on about this bunker
and the fate of the world.
This is not the time
to be catching feelings.
Now listen. we've gotta get to the bunker.
- Yes.
- We gotta get inside.
and we've got to kill Alex.
Right?
One minute. Then we gotta get going.
Okay.
Fuck.
What's the matter?
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. stand up.
Head up. Put your head
back. Pinch your nose.
Pinch your nose.
Here. hold that.
- I'm fine. I got it.
- You alright?
'Kay. I'm gonna buy a couple
minutes with the guys. alright?
Then we gotta go.
Annie. please.
Annie. come on.
I really want you to come with me.
Annie? Annie?